it seems to me this spinning arrow is
pointing you down your path
but grandmother willow what is my path
if
pocahontas is your favorite disney
princess that's great
like i'm not here to try to tell you
like
you can't have had good childhood
associations with this movie
or that you're trash for liking it she
represents
a smart and empowered woman with agency
and control of her own life story
and how she's you know seen
um unfortunately that was not the case
for the real life historical figure and
there's a lot of reasons why
this depiction is harmful
and a little bit
what is my path how am i ever going to
find it
your mother asked me the very same
question
she did what did you tell her i feel
really call just to
remind you that you can always speak to
god or the cosmos or your angels you can
always call
upon the beings of light for
assistance we have a representative in
congress who
they say was here a long time ago they
call her pocahontas
but you know what i like you
because you are special even if you
don't want to put a name to it just
speaking to the trees or to the sky
and asking for help asking for clarity
and assistance
all around you are spirits child they
live in the earth the water
the sky if you listen they
will guide you when you open up the
space to receive help
or even talk to a tree about your
problems opening yourself
up to hope and for a different outcome
or to view the situation differently
and that is really powerful i hear the
wind yes
what is it telling you these illusions
that i tell myself
and like i said when i meditate all
these things seem to just fade away i
just seem to transcend them i'm just
like
ugh this oneness i am a high vibrational
being you are a high vibrational being
i am so connected to the trees and this
earth we are all made of universal
matter
she seems to have made it her job who
pocahontas
pocahontas no she's look look she is she
is
very offensive oh i'm sorry about that
the oneness i feel the connection the
love and
the love pretty much makes all the fear
fade away but then when i'm not in that
meditation state that has been pretty
addicting
i began to take on other energy and i
wanted to just kind of write down some
of the things that i feel
the president of the united states
cannot even make it
through a ceremony honoring these heroes
without having to throw out a racial
slur
i am unworthy to receive the beautiful
beings in my presence
um i am only pretty when i'm skinny
another thought that i have that comes
up a lot is that
i will fall madly in love with someone
and it'll be great and i will
have children with them and then they
won't want me because i will be
bigger i'll have stretch marks i'll have
more cellulite
i will have saggy boobs i have this
fear that someone won't fully accept me
and that they'll leave me after i have
their children
listen to me my men are planning to
attack your people
you've got to warn them what am i doing
i shouldn't be seeing him again
i mean i want to see him again but still
something inside is telling me it's the
right thing
perhaps it's your dream my dream
do you think he's the one the spinning
arrow was pointing to this is a really
big fear and a lot of my fears on a lot
of these things that come up
are surrounding my fear of the masculine
my greatest fear is that someone would
watch this video
and recognize ways that they have
contributed to
racist systems and here i am a racist
and bad person
instead of here are the things that i
can change so that i'm perceived as the
person i
actually am who is who is a kind
and good person i am below man i am not
as smart i am less worthy to
speak and share my voice i am not
enough my sexual desires are shameful
i resent my resentment i really
get angry at the fact that i'm angry at
men i really
get angry at the fact that this
conditioning keeps coming up
because i get so frustrated at the fact
that i have trouble
speaking in front of men and it just
makes me angry it makes me angry at
every man who did me wrong
remember your dream i was wrong
grandmother willow i followed the wrong
path
i feel so lost as innocuous
as you may think this film is let me
remind you
the original story
was written by john smith and was
basically a porno inspired by an 11 year
old
so like like a gross
creepy old man wrote a pornographic book
about a child to get a quick
buck because he couldn't get money any
other way
because he was kind of just useless and
bad at everything
and disney looked at that and was like
yep this child victim
that's our next princess but now comes
the part where i'm going to rewrite all
these things
with positive thoughts i'm equal to men
in every way
and equal i'm not greater than i am
equal and they're equal to me no one is
better than anyone else
we all have masculine and feminine
energy flowing through us i am equal to
men in every way
yeah that actually feels really good to
say i am equal to men in every way
and the lie is starting to fade away
already i am so worthy to receive the
love and appreciation people wish to
share with me
i am so worthy to breathe in the
beautiful people in my life
i am beautiful in every state of my body
i am equal to men in every way
i will find a life partner who loves and
sees me as more than just a body i will
find a life partner who is endlessly
fascinated with my spirit as i am theirs
my voice and opinions are equally valid
to those of a man
i accept whatever happens in the present
moment
i am enough i accept my sexual desires
and deserve to feel pleasure i accept my
fears i accept my anger i accept my
happiness
i accept everything that i feel that's
some powerful [ __ ] man
[Music]
girl black hair you're the most
beautiful thing i've ever seen
and i need to see you again so
[Music]
sweet
so
[Music]
the current president miguel diaz-canel
called on all revolutionaries and
communists to stage counter protests
he visited a small town southwest of
havana where he lashed out of what he
said was u.s
[Music]
interference
now there is this question what is
children's entertainment
and why did disney think that the story
of pocahontas
should be made into a children's film
some
people say that it's because pocahontas
represented a strong
intelligent and independent woman and
in a sense this is kind of the case
however
she relies on this guidance from
grandmother willow who
in actuality i mean we live in a world
where no you can't
talk to trees trees won't give you
advice she was just talking to herself
and coming to these conclusions that she
already felt herself
reaffirming what she already believed
there's a sense in which
it's actually really good to get
people's advice and i wanted to
juxtapose the story of hitomi with the
story of pocahontas
hatomi is somebody who likes to spend a
lot of time in nature
and she talks to nature she
really feels that she has a connection
to the earth and this is part of her
spirituality part of her meditation
ultimately part of her religion
she has taken bits and pieces from hindu
and buddhist traditions
and incorporated them into a kind of
animist meditation that she
talks about on her youtube channel and
has influenced
i think quite a few young women i don't
know
in her life if she has people who are
really honest with her about some of the
things
that are not true hitomi talks a lot
about the trauma that she has
experienced in the past
due to her experiences with men in order
to heal
in order to cope with some of these
traumatic experiences that she had in
the past with men
she talks about how she meditates and
how this meditation practice has been
so useful for her how she's had this
spiritual journey
and there's something to be said about
the fact that if you go through a
spiritual journey
and you aren't getting feedback from
people
that might change your mind that might
make you question
things you might be leading yourself
down a path
of delusion after delusion after
delusion until you're just living in
this kind of fantasy world
hitomi is obviously a beautiful woman
she's worked as a model
and part of her career has just been
based on her looks has been based on her
appearance
people who watch her youtube videos get
to see how this has impacted her
spiritually mentally emotionally
that she tends to put all of her worth
on her body
and she's always struggling against this
to
find out what her meaning is and to find
people who value her for something other
than her
looks however when you do look this way
and when you are a model
you are prone to being surrounded by
people who are
only interested in you because of how
you look i think she's
surrounded herself with people who also
believe the same kind of
meditation the same kind of practices
that she engages in
and they don't question or they don't
point out to her how these things are
strange another practice that hitomi
talks about is journaling
i think it's the same issue as talking
to
the sky or talking to the trees or being
out in nature
just swimming in a river you're not
getting input from somebody
you're not getting constructive
criticism you're not getting any
feedback
that would allow you to make progress
and connect with reality
she talks about this in her video that
she doesn't feel that she can
talk around men she feels that she's
intellectually inferior to men
in her rewriting of that in her journal
she says i'm equal to men in every way
and equal i'm not greater than i am
equal i am equal to men in every way
yeah that actually feels really good to
say
i am equal to men in every way i think
if hitomi
herself saw the same exact
characteristics the same exact behavior
in a man she would find it really
off-putting and strange
hitomi discusses openly a lot of issues
surrounding sexuality and shame and
overcoming that and embracing pleasure
through sexuality
she talks about womb healing and i
really think if she heard
any man talking about testicle healing
that she would be a little bit weirded
out a lot of the things that she does i
wonder if she ever just thinks
what if a man was doing this and how she
was discussing
how she has to overcome this resentment
towards men
i wonder how she would feel if she heard
a man saying exactly
this kind of thing about his feelings
toward women
if a man uploaded a youtube video
talking about how
he resents women and how he's going
through the spiritual process
of talking to trees in order to recover
from this
and to unlearn this kind of resentment
toward women
how would she feel toward that man i
think the assumption
is that men should just love and adore
women
it's not really okay and it's seen as
rather loathsome to see a man talk about
how he resents
women it's immediately labeled as
misogynist
but there isn't the same kind of
criticism directed towards women
when they say i hate men
men are trash you know this is common
this is
very very common in american culture at
least the same kind of things that
hitomi talks openly about in her videos
such as suicidal ideation self-harming
taking drugs
drinking past sexual experiences that
she's unhappy with
traumatic sexual experiences i give her
credit for
coming out and really discussing these
matters openly
in sharing it with the whole world
that's part of her popularity
but if a man talked about these same
issues
there really would not be as much
sympathy and in this way
i really don't think what hitomi says is
true that
she believes that men and women are
equal because
if she saw a man doing exactly what she
does
i think this would make her really
uncomfortable whereas she's
doing these provocative things on camera
that
she i don't think consumes that kind of
content from men
tony said that she makes videos that she
wishes she could have seen when she was
younger
and she definitely focuses a lot on
sexuality
on not feeling ashamed of having sexual
urges
and to feel that you are worthy of
pleasure
there is definitely pushback against
this
just from puritanical type of people who
say like you know i can't believe you're
discussing these things on the internet
and that's not my perspective i actually
think that this is
a good thing about the internet that
people can talk about their sexual
experiences
but instead what bothers me is that this
is her whole identity
and i think this is part of why she has
struggled so much with
feeling miserable and feeling worthless
and feeling like she's inferior to men
because men care just as much about sex
it's just most men would find it rather
embarrassing and undignified to make it
their entire identity
she talks about how everybody has
femininity and everybody has masculinity
but i really think she's just
uncomfortable with
the masculine element of somebody asking
her
hey don't you know anything about
anything
it's a lot gentler often when you
are just by yourself and you're
surrounding yourself with nature
and you're just writing in your journal
you don't have somebody who's judging
you
except for yourself and men also
have this problem you know she talks
about some of the things that she reads
and i think she gets into this pattern
where she's reading things that are only
telling her what she wants to hear
if you read something you might not even
read what the author is intending
you'll just read what you want to get
from the book that you're reading
although she does talk a lot about her
real life i don't get any sense of
what her political beliefs are what she
feels about
the country that she was born into is
she proud to be an american does she
want to live in america she grew up in
new york city which is
a famous place many many people want to
move to new york city
i don't really think i've heard her
perspective on anything about the
politics of new york city
and this could relate to some of the
issues that she's
discussed on her channel but it really
is only about her spiritual journey
and for a lot of people they just see it
as fluff because
it is fluff it is shallow these matters
of
political reality there's matters that
she's not addressing at all
you know i know she's still young and
she can still
change and maybe she will care more
about political reality
maybe she will care more about reading
books of substance but
i think it's more likely that she'll
continue down this path of
meditation this path of living in nature
and for as long as she can she says
she's making videos that she would have
appreciated seeing when she was younger
and i guess i can say i feel the same
way
when i was younger i wish that somebody
would have told me to take myself
seriously
not only to understand myself yes there
is a certain amount of
self-reflection self-examination that's
really important and really crucial
but also to question yourself and your
beliefs
part of that is also reading something
that is going to challenge you
independent reading and research on your
own reading books
but also questioning the books that
you're reading questioning the author
their intent and what they're actually
saying not just
be an unquestioning reader when you're
taking in
information what i would have liked to
hear when i was younger is watch out for
wishful thinking
and in this era when you can find
anything on the internet you can find
anybody who's agreeing with you
it's really hard to know when you're
surrounding yourself with people who
aren't just
telling you what you want to hear one
important clue
if somebody never challenges you if they
are only flattering to you
that's probably a sign that they are not
going to
help you change as a person i think
right now in western society
there is a tendency to think of
friendship in this way
that friendship is only between people
who are just going to
flatter you and not criticize you and
not push you on certain issues is
friendship
just about flattery is it just about
finding people who will
build you up and tell you what a great
person you are or
is there a certain element to friendship
of challenging
somebody and offering them constructive
criticism
not being harsh or mean for no good
reason
no but being helpful to somebody
sometimes you really do need to tell
them
the reality sometimes you really do need
to tell them the truth a common phrase
that i've heard
in meditation and yoga is this thought
isn't serving
me right like the whole world is just
structured in a way that people are
supposed to serve you
everybody is your servant your thoughts
are your servant
uh this is kind of how hitomi sees her
life i think like she's only
connecting and only holding on to things
that will
serve her i can't say it's totally bad
to try to
get rid of thoughts that don't help you
thoughts that are just
hurtful to yourself you know i
experience it too where i just
feel very negatively about myself and
i'm
extremely hard on myself sometimes i
feel ashamed about things that
i shouldn't feel ashamed about but in
the past
i have felt ashamed about things that i
should have felt ashamed about when you
experience
inhibition in your life when you feel
like you shouldn't do something
that might also be telling you something
if your whole life is about overcoming
this shame overcoming this embarrassment
maybe you kind of lose that direction
maybe you lose that
path or you just become so committed to
living a life that is actually really
embarrassing
when you surround yourself with people
who are just saying yes and flattering
you
when you just talk to yourself and tell
yourself what you want to hear
you can't make progress you just stay
the same
or maybe you even get deeper and deeper
into your own delusions